Mana sensitivity +10.
"Don't say so much, let's go"
Luo Feng pulled Wei Wen and left with him.
The students all said at once, What? Prospective Fighter exam?
"Luo Feng's going to take the Prospective Fighter exam? For real? He isn't that good is he"
"I guess that Wei Wen was just bluffing. Luo Feng just became an elite member last year, how could he take the Prospective Fighter exam this year?
Subconsciously, none of the students were willing to believe that Luo Feng has achieved the fitness level of a fighter.
destroyed a catapult?”
At that moment...
Kukukung!?
「 пламя нож (Flame Sword)! 」
“...?Ah, owww...”
The moment that Blundell stopped Invidia with the last of his life, he greeted the grim reaper who had been waiting for a long time. Even so, there was no regret on his face.
Theo’s eyes filled with fierce anger. “This summoner, Theodore Miller, will dare to petition the king of the Tuatha Dé Danann.”
「The worshiper of death hides. 」
「The squirrels will help you to repay the favor. 」
The notification messages were Gluttony’s reply.
[At User’s request, the Hall of Fame has closed.]
[User currently has 133,329 achievement points.]
「Убирайся-к-чёрту (Go aw-ay)!」
Hraesvelgr tilted his head, and Nídh?ggur’s venomous tongue slithered out. One bite from Nídh?ggur and even a sacred creature would die.
[Veronica, Aquilo, Sylvia Adruncus, Ellenoa, ■■.]
「 Absolute Shield. 」「 Reflection. 」「 Void Wall. 」
It was the name of the father who came from the other side of the planet in five minutes.
“You do know which of the two children will prevail, right?”
[5! 4! 3! 2!]
Chapter 410: Era of Peace (10)
[Warning! There is a being that is registered as a great enemy.]
“Oh, Captain, how do you know about the power of Saint-level warriors, or the Four Supreme Warriors?” Lorry suddenly remembered to ask.
Slightly embarrassed, Hillman grinned, “Well, um, actually, I’m not too clear about exactly how powerful the Four Supreme Warriors are. After all, they are the stuff of legends. It’s been years since any were seen.”
Lorry and Roger were astonished. “You don’t have any idea, and yet you lied to the kids?”
Hillman smiled slightly. “Although I’m not clear about the exact strength of the Four Supreme Warriors, I know this – a Saint-level mage maestro, which is to say a mage which has attained the Saint-level, can execute forbidden magical techniques and eradicate an entire army of tens of thousands, or an entire city. Since Saint-level mages are so powerful, I expect that Saint-level warriors can’t be that much weaker.”
“More importantly, the reason I told the children these stories was to make them work harder. Couldn’t you tell how amazed those children were after hearing the stories?” Hillman smiled delightedly.
Lorry and Roger were both speechless.
Vol 1 Chapter 2: The Dragonblood Warrior Clan (part one)
He, too, would step on top of the head of a Black Dragon and make the heavens tremble.
Doehring Cowart stroked his white beard. His eyes shining, he said, “Of course I can! Your Grandpa Doehring is a Saint-level Grand Magus of the almighty earth style…and amongst all of the elements, the element of earth is the mightiest of them all!” As he began to discuss magic, Doehring Cowart began to get excited.
“Haha! Hero. Those eyes longing for victory are truly to my liking! Very well! I shall accept humanity’s challenge…!”
“Wait.”
A suspicious light enveloped my body.
▷All of the teaching staff are praying for your success!
▷You have been designated as a Blue Falcon Hero.
▷A specialist instructor will be dispatched.
▷Race: Arch-Human
▷Level: 1
▷Job: Hero (Experience 500%)
▷Skills: Interpretation(A) Fortitude(F) Assassination(F)
FFF - Class Trashero - Chapter 5 - I’ve Got Eighth - Grader Syndrome!?
“Today?”
“That is so.”
Ding-Dong!
“Theodore Miller.”
A man with dark circles under his eyes called Theodore’s name. The man’s thin cheeks were pulled tightly over his already prominent cheekbones, creating an almost skeletal face. His neat attire was the only thing keeping him from being mistaken as a resident of the slums. In reality,?this?man was actually a third-grade professor and a 5th?Circle master, placing him among the best magicians within Bergen Academy.
The people here had an extremely discerning eye for goo-…
*
“Sa-, save me~!”
“Hnn~ Hum~𝅘𝅥𝅮”
The door closed with a harsher sound than when he’d entered. Professor Vince’s expression was complicated as he looked at the closed door through which Theo had disappeared, but the professor soon dropped his gaze back down to the book he was reading.
But the pages of the book weren’t turned for a long time.
***
Ding!
The loud bell of a clock could be heard in the hallway, marking the beginning of the evening. Magic ensured that the volume was the same no matter where it was heard. Students staying in the dormitory had to remain at school after the bell, while students not staying in the dormitories were required to leave immediately.
As Theo blindly headed to the dormitory, he suddenly stopped moving.
“... Come to think of it, I haven’t eaten dinner yet.”
“Eh?”
Theo’s eyes widened. Was it a hallucination? He could still feel that creepy, sticky feeling that had tickled his palm. Theo touched his left hand carefully. He wanted to check if it was damp and see if what had happened just before was real. However, the palm of his left hand was dry.
“There was clearly a shabby book on the desk...”
Theo muttered and sank weakly to the floor. He accidentally sat on the edge of a book, causing him to yelp, however, the pain was nothing compared to the psychological impact. Didn’t a magician always need to be cool-headed? Had his mental state fallen to the bottom due to his sense of insecurity?
Should I drop out this year?
It was better than being expelled. Theo knew that, but he had held onto the hope of becoming a magician for five years. It wasn’t a dream he could just throw away. Theo sighed and put his hand on the cold floor to lift himself up.
It was at this moment that...
Slurp...
His left hand felt a strange texture. It was the same slippery and sticky sensation again...!
Theo reflexively looked down at his hand on the floor… and saw?something shocking.
“... T-Tongue?!”
A tongue was sticking out of Theo’s palm. It had a smooth pink surface and looked like it came from a reptile. The tongue sprang from a hole in the middle of his palm and tasted the air like a snake in search of food. It swayed slowly from side to side.
Slurp!

Without warning, it snatched a book from the floor like a frog grabbing a fly. It was so fast that Theo nearly didn’t catch it. The tongue wrapped itself completely around the book.
No one could’ve predicted what happened next. The tongue which held its prey was then sucked back into the hole in Theo’s palm.
Gulp.
There was the sound of something being swallowed. A book on the ground had suddenly disappeared into his left hand. Theo looked down at his left hand with an absurd expression. However, the book his palm hand swallowed didn’t emerge.
Instead, Theo heard a voice. It was a voice with a strange tone he had never heard before.
[Lightning Magic Primer has been consumed. Your comprehension is very high.]
[2nd?Circle spell ‘Lightning Bolt’ has been acquired.]
[After waking up from a long sleep, Gluttony is very hungry. Hurry and relieve Gluttony’s hunger. The time limit is 10 minutes from now. (1/5)]

--------
Chapter 1

The azure sky seemed like a gigantic blue emerald, the midsummer sun seemed like a huge fireball, hung on the top of this huge emerald. Using the sun’s position, one could estimate it was around 3 PM.
Zhi-An region’s 3rd high school.
[DING DING DING]
As the loud bell spread across the entire campus, the campus suddenly arose with commotion and ruckus. Each building poured with students, laughing in groups towards the school gate.
“Luo Feng brother! Luo Feng brother*!” a thick voice said.
*This brother is one used in respect (not blood related kind)
“Feng, someone’s calling for you”
In the midst of the group of students, a teenager who was holding a bookmark walked along with the students. He was wearing a regular blue sports uniform and was around 175 cm, and was a bit skinny. At this time, he hesitantly turned his head. The person calling for him was a guy around 190 cm with tiger-like shoulders and a bear-like waist. His biceps were even more brawny and astonishing.
“You are?” Luo Feng hesitantly watched his approach, not recognizing who was in front of him.
These two people: one sturdy and like a brown bear, while “Luo Feng Brother” was like a regular person.
And height…
The difference was immensely large. However, this broad shouldered, large waisted guy, seemed to display formality. He carefully looked at the “Luo Feng Brother” he admired.
“Looks like the rumors were right. Luo Feng brother is quite easy to talk to.”
“Luo Feng brother, I… I have something that I need Luo Feng brother’s help with.”
“With what?” Luo Feng laughed.
“While I was training my fists, I felt like there was something wrong when I punched. I was wondering if brother had any time to give me any pointers.”
The burly guy continued,
“According to the dojo teacher, with my strength, I should be able to release a punch that is over 50% in power. However, I can never reach that value at all.”
The burly guy looked expectantly at Luo Feng.
“Oh… I see.” Luo feng paused for a moment, nodding his head.
“Okay, this Friday during noon, find me at the dojo.”
“Thank you brother. Thank you brother” The burly guy repeatedly thanked.
Luo Feng laughed a bit and then left with his friends.
Seeing that Luo Feng has left, the burly guy displayed his excitement. He clenched his fist, and as his bicep’s veins were bursting, excitedly shouted out:
“SUCCESS!”
“Wow! Luo Feng brother agreed that easily?!” A boy wearing a school uniform exclaimed.
“The rumors are indeed true; Luo Feng brother is easy to talk to and is a good person” The burly guy grinned.
“But…. that’s not right. In our 3rd high school*, in the 5000 students, only three are able to achieve the title of “Martial Arts Elite Student”. In those three students, the other two are ‘Zhang Hao Bai’ and ‘Liu Ting’, but they are too prideful and aren’t willing to use their time to guide us.” The boy wearing the school uniform said doubtfully.
“But Luo Feng brother is this kind?”
*3rd is just the number of the high school, not their ranking or any of the sort.
At this moment, around the entire world in each country’s region, virtually every high school student, while receiving a basic education, joins a martial arts dojo to unleash the power sleeping within every human.
Zhi-An region’s 3rd high school, with three grades and around 5000 high school students.
For the most part, are all beginners in the dojo! Only an extremely small amount are “intermediate members”. And only three can achieve the title of “Elite member”!
“Seeing is believing. Heh heh. See that? Luo Feng brother is different from the other two.” The burly guy curled his lips.
“Zhang Hao Bai and Liu Ting, their families are all filled with wealthy people. Ever since they were young, their families spent an enormous amount of money to raise and train them, which is why they are so strong now. However, Luo Feng is completely different from them!”
The boy wearing the school uniform nodded in agreement. “I also heard that Luo Feng brother’s has a regular background. He even lives in a low rent house.”
“Yes, for Luo Feng brother to get to where he is today, was entirely out of bitter training. Relying on his fists and feet to train. Totally different from Zhang Hao Bai and Liu Ting.”
The burly guy clenched his fist and took a deep breath. “My goal is Luo Feng brother, and before I graduate from college, within these four years, I will pass the dojo’s test and achieve the rank of “Elite member”!”.
……

--------
Chapter 1: Dying House of Horrors

“This is the first time I’ve visited such an un-scary Haunted House.”
“The props are too fake; I didn’t feel scared. If anything, it all felt like a joke to me.”
“Materialists like ourselves naturally have nothing to be afraid of! Ghosts aren’t real!”
“I hate to say it, but I told you so. We should have stayed at the hostel; I was so close to gaining another level on my online game.”
A group of students grumbled with disappointment in front of Western Jiujiang City’s House of Horrors before they left on their motorbikes. Chen Ge, who held a stack of advertisement flyers for the Haunted House, shook his head despondently when he saw this.
The art of scaring was a skill, but with the introduction of scary movies, many modern-day citizens’ threshold for scares had been increased. A visit to the Haunted House was no different from a stroll in one’s own backyard.
“Boss!”
A clear female voice erupted from behind him. Chen Ge turned around and saw a slender ‘zombie’ in a nurse outfit running out of the Haunted House in a fit of anger.
“What’s wrong, Xiao Wan?” The zombie’s name was Xu Wan; she was one of the temporary actors hired by the Haunted House.
“Those few ruffians earlier, they tried to take advantage of me!” the girl hissed through gritted teeth, her fists gripped tight.
So, it is merely to complain…
“That’s horrible; they wouldn’t even leave a zombie in peace.” As the boss, naturally Chen Ge was on Xiao Wan’s side. “Later, I’ll have the amusement park manager to pull up the surveillance footage.”
“There’s no need for that. When I realized their intentions, my punch went flying straight at the boy’s face.” Xu Wan pointed at the bloodstain at the edge of her outfit and exclaimed rather proudly, “See, this isn’t fake blood.”
“Good, good, a girl should learn how to protect herself.” Chen Ge wiped the cold sweat from his forehead. As he turned to look at the setting sun, he said, “I suppose it’s time to call it a day. We probably won’t have any more visitors, so help me go and tell everyone that we can get off work early today.”
However, he realized the girl in zombie make-up didn’t make an attempt to move away.
“Is there anything else?”
“Boss…” Xu Wan hesitated before pulling two letters out from her pocket slowly. “These are the resignation letters from Tao Ming and Xiao Wei. You’ve been a great boss to them, so they didn’t have to the face to give these to you in person and had me pass them to you.”
“They’re quitting?” Chen Ge asked the obvious question as he accepted the letters, then he added, “Everyone has their own dream to chase, so be it. Xiao Wan, you can leave now if there’s nothing else.”
“Okay, I’ll go remove the make-up first.”
After the cute little zombie left, Chen Ge lit a cigarette silently. Half a year ago, when his parents mysteriously disappeared, the only thing they left him was this Haunted House. To keep their memory alive, Chen Ge had resigned from his day-job to focus on managing this Haunted House.
Alas, times were changing. Despite the niche genre, there was huge competition among Haunted Houses, and there were plenty of limitations as well. A scary scenario would lose its scare factor after the initial experience, but a constant update would require plenty of resources and money.
Starting from a few weeks ago, the Haunted House had been in the red; the income from the daily ticket sales barely covered the electricity and water expenses.
“I wonder how long I can hold on.”

--------
prologue

At the summit of an imposing iron tower quietly stood a man of unimposing stature, his clothes comprising of nothing more than a sleeveless shirt, a pair of shorts and a pair of flip flops. A bag with red and blue lines in a pattern dangled from his shoulders, and he held a nearly extinguished cigarette butt between his fingers.
As he gazed at the picturesque scene of the city lights, scintillating in the distance, he slowly exhaled a puff of smoke. A trace of melancholy flashed through his placid and composed face. A light flick of his fingers launched the cigarette butt into the sky. The object traced a desolate arc, flickering for a brief moment under the nightly sky before what remained of it was claimed by the cold wind.
The man dropped the knit bag from his shoulder into his hand. Lifting his flip-flop adorned right foot, he took a step off the edge of the hundred meter tall tower, into the night sky immersed in the howlings of frigid wind. In the midst of his fall, a distortion surrounded his descending figure, and he reappeared standing at the bottom of the iron tower the next instant.
The irregular cadence of his flip-flops reverberated as he strolled. Between his steps, he brought out an empty plastic bottle and unhurriedly raised it to the side.
Plop!
Something fell out of the darkness, into the thin neck of the bottle with a barely audible noise — the cigarette butt that the man had thrown earlier. With a smooth movement, the man rather carelessly tossed the plastic bottle containing the litter into a garbage can by the sidewalk. He marched until his silhouette vanished into the curtain of the night.

"That project..."
"The project cannot be halted. We are going against nature. Once set into motion, it cannot be stopped or all of our efforts will be for naught. From now on, you’ll be in charge of watching over the experiment. We’ve prepared for thirty years, that’s too much time to afford even a single mistake right now."
"But he’s here. Heaven’s Laws..." the woman spoke hesitantly.
"Heaven’s Laws do not govern him, and would not be able to govern him. Our preparations are enough to deceive Heaven’s Laws. Monitor the experiment carefully and make sure that absolutely nothing goes wrong."
"Fine, I only hope that nothing unexpected will arise."
The click-clack of high-heels resounded through the hall before gradually fading into the distance. The empty seat became as silent as if it had always been empty.

"No. I was just passing by."
’Passing by? We’re on the 21st floor.’
"Wait, wha- sigh! Well, I suppose I should thank you." It seemed like the man believed he wanted to jump off the building and was looking to talk him out of it. Although his approach was debatable, the important thing was the good intentions behind it.
"Hehehe! Gotten over it?" The man exhaled a puff of smoke as he asked.
"Actually... It’s just..." Li Yiming remembered something and his mood sank again.

‘Could it be… Even today?”
While fervently praying in my head, I cautiously opened the information window.
Ttiring….
[Daily Quest: Preparations to become strong]
Press-up, 100 times: Incomplete (0/100)
Sit-up, 100 times: Incomplete (0/100)
Squat, 100 times: Incomplete (0/100)
Running, 10 km: Incomplete (0/10)
※Warning: Incompletion of Daily Quests will result in appropriate levels of punishment.
As soon as I got to confirm the contents of the Daily Quest, I began cussing out reflexively.
“Awww… Just how many days has it been already?!”
***
Part 1: Rank E Hunter
Rank E Hunter, Seong Jin-Woo.
No matter where he went, this title always followed him around.
Jin-Woo’s overall strength was almost the same as a regular human being. With the exception of being a bit stronger and his wounds healing slightly faster, Jin-Woo was about the same as regular people in every other aspect.
It was par for the course then, that he’d always end up getting injured. He nearly died several times, too.
Of course, it wasn’t as if Seong Jin-Woo liked being a Hunter.
The work was dangerous, others made fun of him, and to confound the matters even further, the pay was pretty pathetic, as well.
If it weren’t for the medical aid paid out by the Hunter Association to the Hunters in their “payroll”, he’d have turned in his hunter licence and quit by now, and live his life like a regular person.

If you don’t mind, come to my laboratory after school.
If you need anything, please don’t hesitate to call for me. 

If you need anything, please don’t hesitate to find me at any time.

“Thank you for your kind words.

We, Elvenheim, sincerely welcome you who have come a long way. 
We will be sure to inform you before proceeding with any logging work.
Please feel free to call me Jack. Master Baek’s ability… Is it 【Penetration】or 【Breakthrough】? 
As I said before, I would like to thank you and will give you a corresponding reward.
聯廣雷網
-Kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa-kwa!
“This is the completed Igijin-gyeong (移氣眞經).”